# gitlab-ctl


sudo gitlab-rails console

sudo gitlab-rake gitlab:check


deploy-page
  Put up the deploy page
remove-accounts
  Delete *all* users and groups used by this package
upgrade
  Run migrations after a package upgrade
General Commands:
  cleanse
    Delete *all* gitlab data, and start from scratch.
  help
    Print this help message.
  reconfigure
    Reconfigure the application.
  show-config
    Show the configuration that would be generated by reconfigure.
  uninstall
    Kill all processes and uninstall the process supervisor (data will be preserved).
Service Management Commands:
  graceful-kill
    Attempt a graceful stop, then SIGKILL the entire process group.
  hup
    Send the services a HUP.
  int
    Send the services an INT.
  kill
    Send the services a KILL.
  once
    Start the services if they are down. Do not restart them if they stop.
  restart
    Stop the services if they are running, then start them again.
  service-list
    List all the services (enabled services appear with a *.)
  start
    Start services if they are down, and restart them if they stop.
  status
    Show the status of all the services.
  stop
    Stop the services, and do not restart them.
  tail
    Watch the service logs of all enabled services.
  term
    Send the services a TERM.
Database Commands:
  pg-upgrade
    Upgrade the PostgreSQL DB to the latest supported version
  revert-pg-upgrade
    Run this to revert to the previous version of the database
Container Registry Commands:
  registry-garbage-collect
    Run Container Registry garbage collection.